# 307FinalProject

The Cal Poly Flowchart Module is a personalized tool, integrated into the Cal Poly enrollment software, that allows students to track their major progress, plan future classes, and easily enroll in up-to-date courses, enhancing efficiency and effectiveness in academic planning. It helps students plan their classes more efficiently and effectively. Unlike the static flowcharts and PolyFlow, our product will be integrated with up-to-date Cal Poly class data and will be automatically configured based on the user’s class history. It will also be integrated with the enrollment software to allow students to easily enroll in classes that they plan to take at the start of each quarter.

UI Prototype: https://tinyurl.com/ui-calpolyflowchart

Diagram: https://github.com/WesternConcrete/307FinalProject/wiki/Diagram

Setting up ESLint in Visual Studio Code:
1. Install ESLint globally: Open your terminal or command prompt and run the following command: 
   npm install -g eslint
2. Install the ESLint extension in Visual Studio Code: Launch Visual Studio Code and go to the Extensions view (click on the square icon in the      left sidebar or press Ctrl+Shift+X). Search for "ESLint" in the search bar, and click "Install" next to the ESLint extension.
3. Configure ESLint: Open the root folder of your project in Visual Studio Code.
   In the terminal or command prompt, navigate to the project's root directory.
   Run the following command to initialize ESLint configuration:
   eslint --init

Install the Prettier extension in Visual Studio Code: 
1. In the Extensions view, search for "Prettier - Code formatter" and click "Install" next to the Prettier extension.
2. In Visual Studio Code, go to "File" -> "Preferences" -> "Settings" (or use the shortcut Ctrl+,) to open the settings.
3. Search for "Default Formatter" and select "esbenp.prettier-vscode" as the default formatter for your project.
4. Customize Prettier settings (optional): If you want to customize Prettier's behavior, you can modify its settings. Search for "Prettier" in the settings and adjust the options according to your preferences.
5. Enable format on save (optional): To automatically format your code with Prettier on save, search for "Editor: Format On Save" in the settings and enable it.

